# Chinese ASTE Dataset
Our dataset serves as an accessible resource for Aspect Sentiment Triplet Extraction (ASTE) on Chinese restaurant reviews from Google Maps.

For further information, please refer to our publication, "Automatic Construction of a Chinese Review Dataset for Aspect Sentiment Triplet Extraction via Iterative Weak Supervision" in LREC-COLING 2024.


## File Structure
- `data/raw/raw.csv`: It consists of 104358 raw restaurant reviews collected from Google Maps.
- `data/train/train.json`, `valid/valid.json`, `test/test.json`: These files respectively contain 64007, 5000, and 5000 restaurant reviews, along with the corresponding processed labels generated by our models.
- `data/test/test_gold300.json`: This file includes a subset of the testing set, consisting of 300 reviews with manually annotated ground truth.
- `src/mt5_aste.py`: python codes of ASTE model.


## Data Information
|Dataset|Size|Source Model|Golden Answer Provider|
|-------|----|------------|---------|
|train|64007|Self-train-C|None|
|valid|5000|Rule-Based System|None|
|test|5000|Union of models|gpt-3.5-turbo|
|test_gold300|300|Union of models|Labeling worker|


## Model Usage
Use our dataset to conduct Aspect Sentiment Triplet Extraction (ASTE). 

### Install packages
- Install Python dependencies
```
pip3 intall -r requirements.txt
```
- Additionally, Mac users can install this package to accelerated PyTorch training ([ref](https://developer.apple.com/metal/pytorch/))
```
pip3 install --pre torch torchvision torchaudio --extra-index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/nightly/cpu
```

### Download the base model
Download `mt5-drcd-qa` from huggingface (https://huggingface.co/chiawen0104/mt5-drcd-qa)
```
python3 download.py
```

### Train
Train the mT5 ASTE model
```bash
bash train.sh
```

### Inference
Note that please train the model before inference and check your directory path.
```bash
bash inference.sh
```
